Q) What is react?
A)  It is a client side JS library.
    It allows declerative way of programming, componenet focused.
    Allows us to build modern reactive user interfaces.
    React is all about components.
    All UI is built using components
    React components are combining HTML and JS mostly and not much of css


We try building SPA(single page application) and then let JS and react control what is visible to user. This leads to a smoother UI.
Here in this approach HTML page is sent only once.
For routing in react  we will need to use third party libraries.
Q)Why components?
It allows reusability and sepration of concern.
It is just a JS function which returns HTML.
it can return only one html componenet so that is why we put everything in DIV. 

Q) What is declerative way of programming
A) We do not give instructions each and every time as to how it should look rather we give them all the instructions once and all then let react configure how to make things work out.
In short declerative means telling the target state and let React configure actual DOM instructions.

Index.js is the first file that will be executed
In public folder, we have a div with id root which is called by getElementById in index.js

JSX(JS XML) : Using this we can return HTML code in components, which isn't allowed in regular JS.

we can run some basic JS in componenets by writing them within {}

What are props?
We can use props for data passing from App to any componenet file just like we pass data in HTML attributes/
Eg: <componenet 
We need not write this statment in newer versions 
import React from 'react'
it can be written but not necessary .

Q) Why dowe need state
It is because sometimes we need to change data which is aldready loaded and inside a componenet ,but just because the variable value changed it dosent mean that the componenet will be reloaded. So it will still be displaying the value which was held by the variable before.
So we can use states.We use 'UseState()' which is areact hook.
They should be called inside a componenet not nested in a function and not outside any component. 

Q)how useState works?
A)If a useState is created for a variable inside a componenet then it creates a new State  each time the componenet is created
Eg: if we use useState for a variable(say title) in expenseitem(which is a componenet) and it is created 4 times in App then it will create 4 new State, each for a componenet. 